README.md, before:

# about
this repo is for the web control system.

It allows the user to setup experiments and view data from the isntalled modules in a graphical UI.
___
# how to use
to connect to the website, you can use any web browser.
#### dashboard
- Temperature widget
	- shows the current temperature of multiple snesors
	- can be used to set certain modules target temperature

#### experiments
- editing, creating new and deleting experiment configurations

#### configs
- editing existing config files for a number of systems

#### device
- viewing raw data and setting advanced settings on specific modules
___
# how to install
clone this repository into you desired directory
```
git clone git@github.com:TrendBit/SMBR-web-control.git
```

if you don't have npm installed, install it
```
sudo apt-get install npm
sudo npm install -g n
sudo n latest
```
___

# how to run
make sure that the **80 port** is free

run server 
```
npm start --prefix ~/path/to/the/server/directory &
```
__the server does not support HTTPS protocol__
___

the web control system uses a number of packages, fonts and libraries that require their license to be shipped with the finished product
all of their licenses are inside the licenses folder

Commit message:

UI - update to google material icons
- most icons were replaced by google material icons

README.md, after:

# about
this repo is for the web control system.

It allows the user to setup experiments and view data from the isntalled modules in a graphical UI.
___
# how to use
to connect to the website, you can use any web browser.
#### dashboard
- Temperature widget
	- shows the current temperature of multiple snesors
	- can be used to set certain modules target temperature

#### experiments
- editing, creating new and deleting experiment configurations

#### configs
- editing existing config files for a number of systems

#### device
- viewing raw data and setting advanced settings on specific modules
___
# how to install
clone this repository into you desired directory
```
git clone git@github.com:TrendBit/SMBR-web-control.git
```

if you don't have npm installed, install it
```
sudo apt-get install npm
sudo npm install -g n
sudo n latest
```
___

# how to run
make sure that the **80 port** is free

run server 
```
npm start --prefix ~/path/to/the/server/directory &
```
__the server does not support HTTPS protocol__
___

The web control system uses a number of packages, fonts and libraries that require their license to be shipped with the finished product
all of their licenses are inside the licenses folder

Some icons are from https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/tree/master in the original, unchanged state.
